lib/metricnamestats: add new matchNames stats query filter (#8713)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> ** update note 1: change vmselect to vmstorage cluster RPC method from `metricNamesUsageStats_v1` to `metricNamesUsageStats_v2`

Reviewer: please be more descriptive from user PoV. 
For user protocol change matters not. What matters is that vmselect of newer version won't be able to "talk" to older vmstorage for this specific API. This should be part of update note

* FEATURE: all the VictoriaMetrics components: mask `authKey` value from log messages. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5973) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): add helpful hints to the unexpected EOF error message in the write concurrency limiter. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8704) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): use [VM remote write protocol](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/#victoriametrics-remote-write-protocol) by default with automatic downgrade in runtime to Prometheus protocol when needed. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8462) for details.

> * FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): enhance  - `/api/v1/status/metric_names_stats` [API](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyconcepts/#structure-of-a-metric) with `match_names` query param. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6145) for details and related [docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#track-ingested-metrics-usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): support `match_names` query param in `/api/v1/status/metric_names_stats` [API](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyconcepts/#structure-of-a-metric).  It allows filtering the response by specific metric names. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6145) for details and related [docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#track-ingested-metrics-usage)
```
